Snippet: u'I am very detail.oriented, and as code lover, I cannot help but get my job done having applied all my Software Engineering skills, such as refactoring, use of design patterns, code optimization and reusability.Specialties.ASP.NET MVC, LINQ, Entity Framework, MS SQL Server, WCF, Android ., J.EE, XSLT, XML, JavaScript, CSS, DHTML, Google Maps API, jQuery, Cisco IOS, Active Directory, IPSec, VMWare, Debian GNU Linux, OpenVPN Healthcare business analysis, data warehousing and ETL processing.'
Snippet: ".u.cThe opportunity to work on real, commercial projects as part of their degrees also ensures our graduates learn the vital software engineering skills, such as.xa.'"
Snippet: "software engineering skills, such as those specific to SPF development, or very advanced software engineering process models, methods, modeling,.'"
Snippet: "various software engineering skills, such as planning, coordination, use of configuration management and bug reporting tools, etc. References. . Joint Task.xa.'"
Snippet: u'Primary concerns which should be taken care of for the purpose of applying efficiently different software engineering skills .such as component reuse, variable subtyping, object.oriented heritage, multi.heritage, etc. to the domain.specificproblemss'
Snippet: "You may also have the chance to perfect other essential software engineering skills, such as gathering requirements for the programmes that the business.xa.'"
Snippet: u'. Expert software engineering skills such as project management, object oriented design, configuration management, testing procedures, maintenance process, SLAs.'
Snippet: u'It uses a tools.based approach, with practical work that reinforces formal specification techniques as well as traditional software engineering skills, such as unit and system testing, inspection and defensive programming with assertions.'
Snippet: u'As an example, one organization, software.carpentry.org, has produced a free program of lessons that introduce students to programming and software engineering skills such as. version control, data manipulation, and scripting.'
Snippet: u'MeyerUniversity of Applied Sciences .FH. Gelsenkirchen .GERMANY.While the PrimeGame approach has primarily been used in order to combine various foundational software engineering skills such as numerical mathematics, algorithm design and programming which usually are being taught as disjunct courses in many undergraduate CS .computer science. programmes, important soft.skills like teamwork and cooperation were not addressed so far.'
Snippet: u"Constantly focused on showcasing their features Team player who is always looking to help solve problems wherever needed Solve difficult problems that are sometimes not well defined by writing elegant and practical code Understand the fundamentals of game design to effectively break down feature requests into achievable and detailed engineering goals and tasks Assist in developing engineering plans and commitments, and then deliver consistently against those commitments Challenge yourself and others to constantly raise the bar on quality, consistency, maintainability, efficiency, and above all, a great gaming experience Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering or equivalent experience . years of professional software engineering experience, working on multi.discipline teams At least . released game on which you were a primary contributor Strong Computer Science fundamentals in algorithms and data structures Advanced software engineering skills, including the ability to write expert.level, maintainable, and robust code in C. or other popular object oriented languages like C. or Java Good communication skills and ability to work effectively on shared projects with designers, artists, testers, and other developers Avid game player who appreciates a wide variety of game genres . years of professional software engineering experience, working on multi.discipline teams Positive Neutral Negative Misrepresented job Pays below market level Not a real job Position no longer available Other Follow Amazon Connect with Amazon At Amazon, we strive to be Earth's most customer.centric company where people can find and discover anything they want to buy online."
Snippet: u'Information systems and.or software engineering skills, including a multi.cultural tool kit are required of its labour force.'
Snippet: u'.ASP.NET, MS SQL Server, Web Services, AJAX, CSS., HTML, JavaScript. Managed, developed and tested web and desktop solutions including an online certification and evaluation system for employees, a data warehouse and BIS management, and a broad group of software modules to bind human resource applications with Active Directory.'
Snippet: "Mar ., . fundamentals in algorithms and data structures. Advanced software engineering skills, including the ability to write expert.level, maintainable,.xa.'"
Snippet: u'Solid software engineering skills, including the ability to write maintainable and robust code in a popular object oriented language like C.'
Snippet: u"All Rights Reserved.CareerBeacon.com. is a registered trademark of Brunswick News Inc. window.NREUM.NREUM.NREUM.info.beacon.bam.nr.data.net.,.licenseKey.c.ac.,.applicationID.,.transactionName.Yl.DMUoHDRdWUBILX.sXNBdRSQIURxwRB.JHVw.RFw.NAFJLSBJYRQ.,.queueTime.,.applicationTime.,.atts.ThoARwIdHhk.,.errorBeacon.bam.nr.data.net.,.agent.js.agent.newrelic.com.nr.min.js. var fby . fby . . fby.push.'showTab', .id. '.', position. 'right', color. '.a.b.d'. .function . . var f . document.createElement.'script'. f.type . 'text.javascript'. f.async . true. f.src . '.cdn.feedbackify.com.f.js'. var s . document.getElementsByTagName.'script'. s.parentNode.insertBefore.f, s. . Systems Simulation Engineer . Job offer in Halifax City . Bluedrop Training . Simulation . CareerBeacon.com Working at Oculus Culture Benefits Open PositionsOpen Positions Design and develop scalable big data analytics pipeline including data ingest, data cleaning and normalization, feature extraction, transformation, storage and retrieval Implement and perform large scale data analysis Use agile methodologies to develop, test, debug and integrate data solutions on a variety of target software platforms Work closely with product designers to define and refine functional requirements Research and apply appropriate solutions to open.ended technical problems Creative problem solving and initiative Proficiency in developing highly scalable distributed solutions using big data stacks .CDH, Apache Spark, Hadoop, HBASE, Impala, etc. Database experience .SQL, NoSQL. Solid software engineering skills including design patterns and modular system design MS.BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Mathematics Strong knowledge of and experience with statistics Experience with machine learning, data mining and natural language processing Data science experience .including experience with Python, R, etc. Masters degree Oculus is currently seeking Big Data Developers to be part of our teams building exciting and creative scalable data analytic solutions that solve unique problems for a wide range of customers."
Snippet: u"Opportunity . Big Data Developer . Uncharted Company Profile Company Network Rate Report Software Development Engineer . UI Irvine, CA Be passionate about games and game development Be passionate about translating UX designs into code Have an entrepreneurial spirit with a drive to contribute new ideas for future development Be independently driven, being resourceful to deliver results with minimal direction Have the ability to work with UX and technical teams to get things done Have the ability to handle multiple, competing priorities in a fast.paced environment Have excellent verbal and written communication skills Be obsessed with the customer.s experience Create and improve software and tools by translating UX designs into functional, efficient, and testable user interfaces Participate in the full development lifecycle, including design and layout, implementation, testing, and support Evolve the UX practices within the organization, especially as it relates to development, refactoring, and support of new and existing user interface experiences Contribute to the user experience team's shared knowledge of user.centered design and research methodologies Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering .or equivalent. experience . years of professional software engineering experience, working on multi.discipline teams Strong computer science fundamentals in .D math, object.oriented design, algorithms, and data structures Knowledge of OpenGL, OpenGL ES, Metal, and.or DirectX Solid software engineering skills, including the ability to write maintainable, and robust code in a popular object oriented language like C., C., or Java Great communication skills and ability to work effectively on shared projects with designers, artists, testers, and other developers Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field .or equivalent work experience. A minimum of . years of recent UI development experience Experience developing User Interfaces for Microsoft Windows applications and tools Experience using C. Experience using Qt Experience with Model View Controller .MVC. based designs Strong design skills around the user experience Experience working in the video games industry Experience developing UIs for Mac Fun to work with Positive Neutral Negative Misrepresented job Pays below market level Not a real job Position no longer available Other Follow Amazon Connect with Amazon At Amazon, we strive to be Earth's most customer.centric company where people can find and discover anything they want to buy online."
Snippet: u"All Rights Reserved.CareerBeacon.com. is a registered trademark of Brunswick News Inc. window.NREUM.NREUM.NREUM.info.beacon.bam.nr.data.net.,.licenseKey.c.ac.,.applicationID.,.transactionName.Yl.DMUoHDRdWUBILX.sXNBdRSQIURxwRB.JHVw.RFw.NAFJLSBJYRQ.,.queueTime.,.applicationTime.,.atts.ThoARwIdHhk.,.errorBeacon.bam.nr.data.net.,.agent.js.agent.newrelic.com.nr.min.js. var fby . fby . . fby.push.'showTab', .id. '.', position. 'right', color. '.a.b.d'. .function . . var f . document.createElement.'script'. f.type . 'text.javascript'. f.async . true. f.src . '.cdn.feedbackify.com.f.js'. var s . document.getElementsByTagName.'script'. s.parentNode.insertBefore.f, s. . Systems Simulation Engineer . Job offer in Halifax City . Bluedrop Training . Simulation . CareerBeacon.com Working at Oculus Culture Benefits Open PositionsOpen Positions Design and develop scalable big data analytics pipeline including data ingest, data cleaning and normalization, feature extraction, transformation, storage and retrieval Implement and perform large scale data analysis Use agile methodologies to develop, test, debug and integrate data solutions on a variety of target software platforms Work closely with product designers to define and refine functional requirements Research and apply appropriate solutions to open.ended technical problems Creative problem solving and initiative Proficiency in developing highly scalable distributed solutions using big data stacks .CDH, Apache Spark, Hadoop, HBASE, Impala, etc. Database experience .SQL, NoSQL. Solid software engineering skills including design patterns and modular system design MS.BS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Mathematics Strong knowledge of and experience with statistics Experience with machine learning, data mining and natural language processing Data science experience .including experience with Python, R, etc. Masters degree Oculus is currently seeking Big Data Developers to be part of our teams building exciting and creative scalable data analytic solutions that solve unique problems for a wide range of customers."
Snippet: "Jan ., . Knowledge of OpenGL, OpenGL ES, Metal, and.or DirectX. Solid software engineering skills, including the ability to write maintainable, and.xa.'"
Snippet: u"Opportunity . Big Data Developer . Uncharted Company Profile Company Network Rate Report Software Development Engineer . UI Irvine, CA Be passionate about games and game development Be passionate about translating UX designs into code Have an entrepreneurial spirit with a drive to contribute new ideas for future development Be independently driven, being resourceful to deliver results with minimal direction Have the ability to work with UX and technical teams to get things done Have the ability to handle multiple, competing priorities in a fast.paced environment Have excellent verbal and written communication skills Be obsessed with the customer.s experience Create and improve software and tools by translating UX designs into functional, efficient, and testable user interfaces Participate in the full development lifecycle, including design and layout, implementation, testing, and support Evolve the UX practices within the organization, especially as it relates to development, refactoring, and support of new and existing user interface experiences Contribute to the user experience team's shared knowledge of user.centered design and research methodologies Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering .or equivalent. experience . years of professional software engineering experience, working on multi.discipline teams Strong computer science fundamentals in .D math, object.oriented design, algorithms, and data structures Knowledge of OpenGL, OpenGL ES, Metal, and.or DirectX Solid software engineering skills, including the ability to write maintainable, and robust code in a popular object oriented language like C., C., or Java Great communication skills and ability to work effectively on shared projects with designers, artists, testers, and other developers Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related technical field .or equivalent work experience. A minimum of . years of recent UI development experience Experience developing User Interfaces for Microsoft Windows applications and tools Experience using C. Experience using Qt Experience with Model View Controller .MVC. based designs Strong design skills around the user experience Experience working in the video games industry Experience developing UIs for Mac Fun to work with Positive Neutral Negative Misrepresented job Pays below market level Not a real job Position no longer available Other Follow Amazon Connect with Amazon At Amazon, we strive to be Earth's most customer.centric company where people can find and discover anything they want to buy online."
